ordinary people live a normal life
successful people they live differently they
live the inner life they live the same
life in which nobody knows this life
happens and during cooking
or during work it happens early
in the morning when ordinary people in the heart
when early in the morning clearly scatter yandon
why so fool woke up these lectures
I heard enough to just go on sleeping
less and lilac finish just this
time to work or is intended to
life you understand because our whole
the work we do all our
doing this in gray is just maintaining
its existence no development in
this is no you do not gain new experience
who needs this new experience to win
being acquired while you are not
live a normal life and live another
and so when a person is early in the morning
rises and begins this prayer he in
this time creates another
space of life which is more
powerful thousands of times
something which he now has will come
time his life dramatically
will change without a doubt
if you talk about me then I am a vivid example
this situation was not at all hopeless
that is, I even have my parents
even had no higher education
I even got to college was extremely
difficult there are three people in place for
I understand a lot nobody denezhek
I could not pay for it and just
internal strength I got there internally
strength and there i am using inner strength
did so i had a diploma with
honors
and then I did not act because I
it was necessary to learn one subject so that
get the top five then there were such
rules of warmth with honors plus five
on one subject all people entered
I had no doubt that I received
this top five
that is, I taught physics, I just did
parallel to self-improvement i
did what i understand i understood that everything
depends on it completely by itself
some perfection gave me strength
Adam did not pull out the first ticket right away to me
had to prove
several two or three ways
Ohm's law I proved five when he
asked me this teacher you here you
see here are two ways and you get 5
I took my deduced I did not give up even
The following two questions are not answered, I
answered only one question 1 1 exam
got the top five went to college
what it cost me huge internal
effort preparing me was adamant
faith that everything will turn out when I came and
looked at him she had no doubt
what will I do
I have already arrived before I went there
this one in this exam room
try to understand it as a person
should residents need to commit
internal activity earlier than
performed externally